# Sprint 1 — Infinite Loopers (#7)

**Date:** November 7, 2025  
**Team:** Infinite Loopers  
**Sprint #:** 1  

---

## Sprint Overview

### **Sprint Goal**
The primary goal of this sprint was to plan the **technical roadmap** for the four core features of the Conductor app:  
1. **User Manager / Authentication / Roles**  
2. **Class Directory**  
3. **Attendance System**  
4. **Work Journal / Standup**

In addition, the team aimed to **set up the CI/CD pipeline** for the project repository and **refine sprint logistics** for ongoing collaboration.

---

### **Key Deliverables**
- Architectural Decision Records (**ADRs**) for each of the four main features  
- CI/CD pipeline implementation for the project repository  
- User flow diagrams for each feature  
- Initial wireframe UIs  

---

### **Outcome Summary**
Each feature team presented their progress and shared proposed designs. The team now has a clear understanding of the **overall app structure** and **workflow**.  

While the general UI concept is established, further work is needed to define **integration points** between individual feature components within the unified app environment.

---

## What Went Well

- Feature teams organized effectively and coordinated meetings to meet deliverables on time.  
- Team members were proactive in communicating with team leads and seeking help when needed.  
- The CI/CD pipeline was successfully set up and includes **detailed documentation**.  
- A **demo** was added to the repository to help new contributors get oriented with both frontend and backend components.

---

## What We Can Improve

- UI and backend specifications need **more detailed documentation** to clarify how each feature fits into the system architecture.  
- ADRs require follow-up updates to align with TA feedback and ensure **consistent formatting and numbering**.  
- Team members should **communicate more directly** across features for integration questions rather than relying only on team leads or TAs.

---

## Action Items

| # | Task | Owner / Status | Due Date |
|---|------|----------------|-----------|
| 1 | Prepare stakeholder presentation demo with a mostly complete frontend and mock data for professor review. | All feature teams | **Nov 13 2025 (Thursday)** |
| 2 | Improve cross-team communication for feature integration by encouraging direct peer-to-peer collaboration. | All members | Ongoing |
| 3 | Expand documentation to include detailed notes on UI ↔ backend integration, clarifying feature connections. | All feature teams | Ongoing |
| 4 | Update ADRs to reflect TA feedback, ensure consistent formatting, and verify numbering across teams. | Team leads | Ongoing |
