# Sprint 2 — Infinite Loopers (#7)

**Date:** November 14, 2025
**Team:** Infinite Loopers
**Sprint #:** 2

---

## Sprint Overview

### **Sprint Goal**
The primary goal of this sprint was to **implement functional features** for the Conductor app based on the technical roadmap established in Sprint 1. Specifically, the team aimed to:
1. **Complete stakeholder demo** with mostly complete frontend and mock data
2. **Build out core functionality** for each feature area (Auth, Directory, Attendance, Standup)
3. **Establish integration patterns** between features
4. **Refine codebase structure** for better maintainability and collaboration

---

### **Key Deliverables**
- Stakeholder presentation demo (completed November 13, 2025)
- Login and sign-up page implementation with Google OAuth
- Request access page for new users
- Attendance pages with calendar and meeting schedule
- Class Dashboard page with user/group profiles and directories
- Standup pages with team dashboard and individual history
- JSDoc documentation improvements

---

### **Outcome Summary**
The team successfully delivered the stakeholder demo and received **positive feedback from the professor**. All feature teams made **substantial progress** on their core functionality, transitioning from planning to implementation.

However, the sprint also revealed challenges with **feature integration**, **codebase structure consistency**, and **cross-team communication** that will need to be addressed in subsequent sprints.

---

## What Went Well

- **Strong progress across all teams:** All feature teams delivered substantial work and made meaningful contributions.
- **Positive stakeholder feedback:** The professor provided encouraging remarks about the team's progress and direction.
- **Feature team structure:** The decision to organize by features (rather than frontend/backend) enabled teams to truly reflect on and own their features.
- **GitHub workflow improvements:** The CI/CD setup and GitHub processes helped streamline collaboration.
- **Quality deliverables:** The results produced by all teams were visually appealing and functionally sound.

---

## What We Can Improve

### **Integration & Architecture**
- **Feature integration is unclear:** Multiple team members expressed concern that the way features will interact and integrate is not well-defined or obvious.
- **Integration points seem chaotic:** The connection between features appears disorganized and may lead to conflicts.
- **Codebase structure confusion:** The overall codebase structure needs better organization and consistency across teams.

### **Communication & Documentation**
- **Cross-team visibility is limited:** It's difficult to know what's happening in other teams, making integration planning challenging.
- **Documentation gaps:** The project lacks comprehensive documentation on how features should connect.
- **Hard to reach some team members:** Communication responsiveness varied across the team during this sprint.
- **Better issue and PR management needed:** Issues and pull requests need to be filled out more thoroughly and consistently.

### **Standards & Consistency**
- **Styling alignment concerns:** There's concern that styling inconsistencies will become problematic as features come together.
- **Codebase structure needs unification:** Teams should agree on and follow consistent patterns for structuring code.
- **Coding cohesiveness:** There's worry about whether code from different teams will integrate smoothly.

---

## Action Items

| # | Task | Owner | Due Date |
|---|------|-------|----------|
| 1 | Create assigned database schemas | All feature teams | Sprint 3 |
| 2 | Backend/database integration (mock data → live data) | All feature teams | Sprint 3 |
| 3 | Admin user functionality & dashboard UI | Auth Team | Sprint 3 |
| 4 | Connect live backend to frontend & Pages UI | Directory Team | Sprint 3 |
| 5 | Student/instructor implementation & backend integration | Attendance Team | Sprint 3 |
| 6 | GitHub Projects integration & email notification bot | Standup Team | Sprint 3 |
| 7 | Implement mid-sprint feature team check-ins | Sprint leads | Ongoing |

**Resource Experts:** Frontend (Wayne, Gaurav) • Backend (Sree, Braxton) • Database (Yuri, Will)


## Retrospective Results
11/14/2025 - Nov 14th Team 7
### Mad
* Charming Coyote: I was a bit worried about coding cohesiveness in the project
* Proud Koala: It's hard to know what's going on in other teams + integrating features
* Delightful Narwhal: nothing really
* Wonderful Xerus: The integration between features seems chaotic.
* Charming Hedgehog: Features and integration make have conflicts
* Glamorous Elephant: Features integration might be challenging
* Xtreme Koala: Need better communication and to properly fill out issues and PR's

### Sad
* Optimistic Dolphin: codebase structure is a bit confusing
* Optimistic Dolphin: the way the features will interact is not very obvious
* Delightful Narwhal: styling alignment is probably going to be an issue.
* Xtreme Koala: We need to clear up how it will all come together.
* Sophisticated Ferret: we should unify the way we structure the codebase
* Charming Coyote: I felt like I could have helped my team more!
* Jumpy Ferret: The integration between teams might be hard
* Proud Koala: Hard to reach some people this sprint
* Glamorous Elephant: Not well documented

### Glad
* Charming Coyote: I think the result we all produced looks very nice!
* Xtreme Koala: Got good remarks from the professor about what we have so far.
* Proud Koala: We made a lot of progress this week!
* Wonderful Xerus: Got a lot of features done!!!
* Glamorous Elephant: We are doing great job last week!
* Charming Hedgehog: All teams made substantial progress
* Sophisticated Ferret: we still have plenty of time
* Delightful Narwhal: I am happy split in to feature teams instead of backend and frontend, which gives us chances to truly reflect on the features. 
* Wonderful Xerus: Great team! Zero slackers.
* Jumpy Ferret: github setup helped